readme.md, before:

# Google Calendar Embed #
**Contributors:** stephenharris  
**Tags:** events, calendar, google, embed  
**Requires at least:** 4.4.0  
**Tested up to:** 4.5.2  
**Stable tag:** 1.0.0  
**License:** GPLv2 or higher  

Embed Google calendars into your website

## Description ##

The plug-in registers a shortcode which you can use to embed Google calendars:

     [googlecalendar src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=..."]

You can also copy and paste the iframe code provided by Google calendar into your WordPress site's editor and it will be automatically converted to a shortcode.

### Getting the iframe embed code

1. Log-in to Google Calendar,
2. Hover over the calendar name in the left hand side, and click on the down arrow that appears
3. A menu should appear, click the *Calendar settings* option
4. On the calendar's settings page there is a *Embed This Calendar* option with the embed code. Copy this code.
5. Paste it into your visual editor and it'll be converted to the shortcode. Alternatively, copy it into the text editor and it'll be converted when you save the post or switch to Visual mode.

## Installation ##

Installation is standard and straight forward.

1. Upload `google-calendar-embed` folder (and all it's contents!) to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
1. Copy and and paste the iframe code for you google calendar into your editor, it will be automatically converted into a shortcode.


## Changelog ##

### 0.1.0 ###
* Initial commit

Commit message:

Add a widget for embedding Google calendars

readme.md, after:

# Google Calendar Embed #
**Contributors:** stephenharris  
**Tags:** events, calendar, google, embed  
**Requires at least:** 4.4.0  
**Tested up to:** 4.5.2  
**Stable tag:** 1.0.0  
**License:** GPLv2 or higher  

Embed Google calendars into your website

## Description ##

The plug-in registers a shortcode which you can use to embed Google calendars:

     [googlecalendar src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=..."]

You can also copy and paste the iframe code provided by Google calendar into your WordPress site's editor and it will be automatically converted to a shortcode.

The plug-in also provides a widget in which you can paste the iframe code for your Google calendar.

### Getting the iframe embed code

1. Log-in to Google Calendar,
2. Hover over the calendar name in the left hand side, and click on the down arrow that appears
3. A menu should appear, click the *Calendar settings* option
4. On the calendar's settings page there is a *Embed This Calendar* option with the embed code. Copy this code.
5. Paste it into your visual editor and it'll be converted to the shortcode. Alternatively, copy it into the text editor and it'll be converted when you save the post or switch to Visual mode.

## Installation ##

Installation is standard and straight forward.

1. Upload `google-calendar-embed` folder (and all it's contents!) to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
1. Copy and and paste the iframe code for you google calendar into your editor, it will be automatically converted into a shortcode.


## Changelog ##

### 0.1.0 ###
* Initial commit
